add information about API Key appropriate role selection (#1090)
fastlane/docs: docs/app-store-connect-api.md

1. Create a new App Store Connect API Key in the [Users page](https://appstoreconnect.apple.com/access/api)
  - For more info, go to the [App Store Connect API Docs](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appstoreconnectapi/creating_api_keys_for_app_store_connect_api)

>   - Take care to choose a role appropriate for the task at hand from [Roles for the Apple Developer Program](https://developer.apple.com/support/roles/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Give your API Key an appropriate role for the task at hand. You can read more about roles in [Permissions in App Store Connect](https://developer.apple.com/support/roles/)
```
